hi guys still if they give you a request
for people to do another what submit
first video and I got a good purse so
there may be new things the last time I
did it so I will show you my new purse
which is really jiggly this purse which
I got from Urban Outfitters if you want
to get one and I will show you what's in
here the most important thing is my
glittery wallet which I really love
I just like the glitter and it's really
fun and they make other colors and I got
those at Kitson in LA if you want to get
one I don't know if they had purple and
all kinds of other fun colors but I like
it cuz you always need to find your
wallet in your purse so there's my
wallet
then I have my new Sony's my new
sunglasses I got yesterday which I got
for free and I love them very much
and they are there Ashbury glasses and
this is the smokestack lightning oh - I
I love these a lot and my phone case
broke for my iPhone and it was this cute
little leopard case and it broke and I
need to go find a new one and a little
kiosk in a strip mall somewhere so
that's in there still in over life Oh
bracelet my friend um Tesla de Muniz
bracelet yesterday she got at this
garage sale in Beverly Hills and they
had things like this the persons that
are brand new so this was an awesome
present thank you my little leopard
makeup bag which is like bulging at the
seams because I have so much I have a
lot of matte lipsticks in here and they
all kind of are the same nude pinky math
ones because that's my favorite color
this is colorfast from the new matte
color craft line I think it even came on
my birthday on July night so this is a
fun kinky color oh look someone finds
and they look any different you couldn't
see all kinds of wrinkles does this
lighting is all great
and then creme de nude another nude
pinky color was a surprise this NYX pink
frost color which I love this little lip
gloss eyebrow razor because you never
know you might prefer richer things
mascara for touch-ups this is the
L'Oreal double extend tubes mascara
which I love a lot of lipsticks so
that's boring onto that here's my little
makeup bag I've got a little in the loop
which I keep all my receipts in I've got
a business card lots of lots of business
cards my digit my little mini digital
camera it's a little olympus digital
camera and it's little safety protective
case and my per size model and a bottle
eyelash curler so you can curl your
lashes and you just you pop this guy
down and then you just can curl away and
it fits in your first week I love this
thing people have a makeup bag them cuz
I like strike them it lasts forever my
little NYX blotting tissue so you don't
have to keep packing makeup on you just
kind of soak it all up with these little
guys I have a kiva flaxseed chocolate
bar from now on something sweet it's
really sweet and it's good for you so I
got this it into Kiba calm these are my
little guilty pleasure
it's black speed it's so young and it's
better than a candy bar I think that's
all I have like a parking thing from the
Beverly Center
oh my perfume I work so much the label
came up but it is the studentís if ik
vanilla extreme women's brick smells
like cake and then everybody says you
smell so good makes you want to go like
you ate something sweet
my beauty so clean sanitizer so I can
stand
and makeup on the go which is fabulous
more gum I have lots of gum and it looks
like that is all for the candy purse
lots of business cards a lot of business
cards for people and that's it nothing
that's crazy no is in my purse
Oh actually my really fun I don't know
why I have a little love in here but I
do okay so I wanna be real sanitary
I don't know way up in there actually
but safety and my really fun chain
necklace that I got that I want to say
forever 21 I love this next bit of a lot
I got that one I got more eyebrow razors
more lip glosses and that's all
normally I have more interesting things
but I'll fall for the first video I hope
you guys have more fun things than your
first we'll see you in the next video
guys um have a great day